Add Docker Desktop 4.25.0 known issues (#18539)
docker/docs: content/desktop/release-notes.md

#### For Mac

- Upgrading to MacOS 14 can cause Docker Desktop to also update to a latest version even if the auto update option is disabled.

> - Docker Desktop uninstall from the command line is not available. As a workaround, you may [uninstall Docker Desktop from the Dashboard](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/uninstall/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uninstalling Docker Desktop from the command line is not available. As a workaround, you can [uninstall Docker Desktop from the Dashboard](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/uninstall/).
```

#### For Windows

> - **Switch to Windows containers** option in the tray menu may not show up on Windows. As a workaround, edit the [Docker Desktop settings](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/settings/windows/) and set `"displaySwitchWinLinContainers": true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Switch to Windows containers** option in the tray menu may not show up on Windows. As a workaround, edit the [`settings.json` file](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/settings/windows/) and set `"displaySwitchWinLinContainers": true`.
```
